feat(get-changed-files): support filtering by regex input (#299)
ExpediaGroup/github-helpers: README.md

### [get-changed-files](.github/workflows/get-changed-files.yml)
  * Returns a comma-separated list of changed files for a PR

>   * Include the regular expression parameter 'glob_filter_paths' to add a filter, it will return any filepath that matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Include the regular expression parameter 'pattern' to add a filter, it will return any filepath that matches.
```
